gbt 4 Omni or gbt 40 is open ai's newest
large language model while GPT 4 broke
new ground with its ability to see GPT
40 can process visual input and output
any combination of audio visual and text
it can respond to prompts with a
human-like AI generated voice and has an
average response time of 320
milliseconds which is about 5 times
faster than GPT 4 GPT 40 marks open ai's
second update of GPT 4 in November 2023
the company released GPT 4 Turbo
offering enhanced Vision capabilities
and text processing 40 takes this a step
further offering Advanced Imaging and
audio capabilities improvements in
non-english text and faster speeds for
example GPT 40 can engage in realtime
verbal conversations generate speech
with emotional nuances handle more than
50 different languages support real-time
translation and more like every llm
safety is a major concern GPT 4 is
equipped with advanced Safety protocols
to ensure appropriate outputs and
minimize the generation of false or
misleading information in addition open
AI has solicited more than 70 experts in
various fields to identify risk
associated with added modalities
